# Introduction

It was 2012, and I was exploring a Linux forum. I was really hoping for a _trollful_ topic about something like _Which name is correct? Linux or GNU/Linux?_ or something like _Why macOS sucks? a free software advocate's perspective_. But instead, I found a __really useful__ topic. One of members, just posted a PDF, written by him about _Go programming language_. It made me happy of course. I was really excited to see a brand new programming language which is created by [Ken Thompson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Thompson) and [Rob Pike](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rob_Pike) and has the support from Google. Unfortunately, back then I didn't have time to read books or documents and I even haven't been this good in English. So I decided when I got better at English and also had the enough free time, I will learn that programming language. I've got much better in reading, writing, speaking and listening English, I had free times, but I didn't learn Go. So you may ask what did happen to me? Well, I learned [Ruby](https://ruby-lang.org) instead. 

In 2014, I have become the student of computer hardware engineering. I also found that I love backend programming. In an IRC channel, one of my friends sent me [this link](https://rubyonrails.org) and told me _take a look at this!_. Then my story began. I learned ruby, I learned Sinatra (a micro framework with ruby) and I also learned Rails. But now, 8 years after those days, I'm gonna learn Go as a ruby programmer. And I wanna share the whole process with you, my friend. You're reading this because I have decided to learn Go step-by-step and just tell you what I've learned. In this introduction, I will tell you something that you __must__ know before starting reading the book. So I hope the book is useuful enough for you. 